README.md, before:

## DOB Community Profiles

The Department of Buildings’ (DOB) Community Profiles application provides an easy way for New Yorkers to quickly see the construction activity in their Community District, and to get an idea of how that compares to the rest of the city. Select a metric from the main menu, and you’ll see a shaded choropleth map showing the areas of highest and lowest activity for that metric across the five boroughs. On the right side of the screen, you’ll see that metric broken down further to show total distribution across the boroughs or to highlight the 10 highest activity Community Districts.

## Data Definitions
Definitions for elements of each page of the application are listed below.

### [Permits](https://www1.nyc.gov/site/buildings/homeowner/permits.page)

| Permit Type | Definition |
|-------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| NB | New Building: Construction of new structures |
| A1 | Major Alterations: Alterations that will change use, egress or occupancy |

### [After Hours Variance Reasons](https://www1.nyc.gov/site/buildings/business/after-hours-variances.page) (See [Noise Mitigation Rules](http://www.nyc.gov/html/dep/pdf/law05113.pdf), 24-224 of the Administrative Code)

| AHV Type | Definition |
|-------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| NYC Construction | Work by or on behalf of city agencies for projects that are judicially mandated or the subject of consent orders and/or where a project is necessary in the public interest including but not limited to facilities, equipment, and infrastructure for the provision of water, sewerage, sanitation, transportation and other services necessary for the health or safety of the public |
| Minimal Noise | Construction activities with minimal noise impact |
| Emergency Work | Emergency conditions, inside or outside the property line, involving a threat to public safety or causing or likely to cause the imminent interruption of service required by law, contract or franchise |
| Public Safety | The work cannot reasonably or practicably be performed on weekdays between the hours of 7 a.m. and 6 p.m. because of traffic congestion and/or concern for worker and/or public safety |
| Undue Hardship | Undue hardship resulting from unique site characteristics, unforeseen conditions, scheduling commitments and/or financial considerations outside the control of the permit holder and an alternative noise mitigation plan has been approved |

### [Sidewalk Sheds](https://www1.nyc.gov/site/buildings/safety/sidewalk-sheds.page)

| Shed Reason | Definition |
|-------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Construction | Sidewalk protection installed during construction work |
| Local Law 11 | Sidewalk protection installed because the façade of the building is being repaired in accordance with [Local Law 11 of 1998](https://www1.nyc.gov/assets/buildings/local_laws/locallaw_1998_package.pdf) |

### [Complaints](https://www1.nyc.gov/site/buildings/renter/file-a-complaint.page)

| Complaint Type | Definition |
|-------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [After Hours Work](https://portal.311.nyc.gov/article/?kanumber=KA-01091) | A report that construction work is being unlawfully performed outside of the hours permitted within the [NYC Noise Code](https://www1.nyc.gov/site/dep/environment/noise-code.page) |
| [Elevator](https://portal.311.nyc.gov/article/?kanumber=KA-02015) | An elevator or escalator that is not working, not inspected, or was installed without a permit or a dirty elevator in a residential building |
| [Illegal Conversion](https://portal.311.nyc.gov/article/?kanumber=KA-02025) | Illegal conversion is when an existing residential or commercial building is altered or modified to create an additional room, space, or unit without first getting approval from the New York City Department of Buildings |
| [Work Without Permit](https://portal.311.nyc.gov/article/?kanumber=KA-01797) | A report of construction work being done without a permit from the Department of Buildings |
| Other | All other types of complaint |

### [Violations](https://www1.nyc.gov/site/buildings/business/resolving-violations.page) (ECB Violations by [infraction code](http://www1.nyc.gov/assets/buildings/excel/penalty_schedule_with_codes.xlsx))

| Violation Type | Definition |
|-------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Building Maintenance | Failure to maintain building in code-compliant manner |
| Elevator Maintenance | Failure to maintain elevator or conveyance |
| Failure to Comply | Failure to comply with Commissioner Order |
| Miscellaneous | Miscellaneous violations |
| Work Without Permit | A violation for construction work being done without a permit from the Department of Buildings |
| Other | All other violations |

### [Accidents: Terminology](https://www1.nyc.gov/site/buildings/safety/work-site-accidents.page)

| Accident Term | Definition |
|-------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Accident | An incident at a construction site that happened unexpectedly and unintentionally. An accident may result in one or more injuries or fatalities. It might also result in zero injuries or fatalities. |
| Injury | One or more people were injured during a construction accident. This will indicate the total number of people injured at construction accidents within the Community District over the past 12 months. This number has no relation to the number of accidents. |
| Fatality | One or more people died as a result of a construction accident. This will indicate the total number of people that died due to construction accidents within the Community District over the past 12 months. This number has no relation to the number of accidents. |

### [Accidents: Type](https://www1.nyc.gov/site/buildings/about/construction-related-accident-reports.page)

| Accident Type | Definition |
|-------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Demolition | An accident that occurred during the demolition of a building. |
| Material Failure (Fell) | Drop, displacement or failure of material or building element from its intended position or location. Included in this category are imminent material displacements, fall or failure. |
| Mechanical Construction Equipment | Failure or misuse of machinery and equipment systems. This category includes all machinery or equipment driven by mechanical or electrical devices for earth work, cranes, hoists, and demolition equipment. |
| Scaffold/Shoring Installations | Failure of site protection, temporary support and access installations; this category also includes both supported and suspended scaffolds. |
| Worker Fell | Accidents where a worker's fall was not caused by material failure or construction equipment failure. Included in this category are accidents due to worker inattention, error, or where the worker's protection equipment failed (e.g. harnesses). |
| Other | Any construction accident that cannot be categorized in any of the previous categories. |




## Built With

* [NVD3](http://nvd3.org/)
* [D3](https://d3js.org/)
* [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com)
* [jQuery](https://jquery.com/)


## Built by

* [DOB Analytics and Data Science Team](https://www1.nyc.gov/site/buildings/about/metrics-reports.page) - If you have questions or feedback, comment here on github or email us at [Analytics@buildings.nyc.gov](mailto:analytics@buildings.nyc.gov).

Commit message:

Update Summary, add Boro code translation

README.md, after:

## DOB Community Profiles

The Department of Buildings’ (DOB) Community Profiles dashboard provides an easy way for New Yorkers to quickly see the construction activity, complaints and construction incidents in their Community District, and to get an idea of how that compares to the rest of the city. Select a metric from the main menu at the top of the screen, and you’ll see a shaded map showing the areas of highest and lowest activity for that metric across the five boroughs. On the right side of the screen, you’ll see that metric broken down further to show total distribution across the boroughs, and more granular details.


The dashboard is updated daily, and provides data for the last 12 calendar months. 


## Data Definitions
Definitions for elements of each page of the application are listed below.

### Boroughs

| Borough Code | Borough Name |
|-------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1 | Manhattan |
| 2 | Bronx  |
| 3 | Brooklyn  |
| 4 | Queens  |
| 5 | Staten Island  |


### [Permits](https://www1.nyc.gov/site/buildings/homeowner/permits.page)

| Permit Type | Definition |
|-------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| NB | New Building: Construction of new structures |
| A1 | Major Alterations: Alterations that will change use, egress or occupancy |

### [After Hours Variance Reasons](https://www1.nyc.gov/site/buildings/business/after-hours-variances.page) (See [Noise Mitigation Rules](http://www.nyc.gov/html/dep/pdf/law05113.pdf), 24-224 of the Administrative Code)

| AHV Type | Definition |
|-------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| NYC Construction | Work by or on behalf of city agencies for projects that are judicially mandated or the subject of consent orders and/or where a project is necessary in the public interest including but not limited to facilities, equipment, and infrastructure for the provision of water, sewerage, sanitation, transportation and other services necessary for the health or safety of the public |
| Minimal Noise | Construction activities with minimal noise impact |
| Emergency Work | Emergency conditions, inside or outside the property line, involving a threat to public safety or causing or likely to cause the imminent interruption of service required by law, contract or franchise |
| Public Safety | The work cannot reasonably or practicably be performed on weekdays between the hours of 7 a.m. and 6 p.m. because of traffic congestion and/or concern for worker and/or public safety |
| Undue Hardship | Undue hardship resulting from unique site characteristics, unforeseen conditions, scheduling commitments and/or financial considerations outside the control of the permit holder and an alternative noise mitigation plan has been approved |

### [Sidewalk Sheds](https://www1.nyc.gov/site/buildings/safety/sidewalk-sheds.page)

| Shed Reason | Definition |
|-------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Construction | Sidewalk protection installed during construction work |
| Local Law 11 | Sidewalk protection installed because the façade of the building is being repaired in accordance with [Local Law 11 of 1998](https://www1.nyc.gov/assets/buildings/local_laws/locallaw_1998_package.pdf) |

### [Complaints](https://www1.nyc.gov/site/buildings/renter/file-a-complaint.page)

| Complaint Type | Definition |
|-------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [After Hours Work](https://portal.311.nyc.gov/article/?kanumber=KA-01091) | A report that construction work is being unlawfully performed outside of the hours permitted within the [NYC Noise Code](https://www1.nyc.gov/site/dep/environment/noise-code.page) |
| [Elevator](https://portal.311.nyc.gov/article/?kanumber=KA-02015) | An elevator or escalator that is not working, not inspected, or was installed without a permit or a dirty elevator in a residential building |
| [Illegal Conversion](https://portal.311.nyc.gov/article/?kanumber=KA-02025) | Illegal conversion is when an existing residential or commercial building is altered or modified to create an additional room, space, or unit without first getting approval from the New York City Department of Buildings |
| [Work Without Permit](https://portal.311.nyc.gov/article/?kanumber=KA-01797) | A report of construction work being done without a permit from the Department of Buildings |
| Other | All other types of complaint |

### [Violations](https://www1.nyc.gov/site/buildings/business/resolving-violations.page) (ECB Violations by [infraction code](http://www1.nyc.gov/assets/buildings/excel/penalty_schedule_with_codes.xlsx))

| Violation Type | Definition |
|-------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Building Maintenance | Failure to maintain building in code-compliant manner |
| Elevator Maintenance | Failure to maintain elevator or conveyance |
| Failure to Comply | Failure to comply with Commissioner Order |
| Miscellaneous | Miscellaneous violations |
| Work Without Permit | A violation for construction work being done without a permit from the Department of Buildings |
| Other | All other violations |

### [Accidents: Terminology](https://www1.nyc.gov/site/buildings/safety/work-site-accidents.page)

| Accident Term | Definition |
|-------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Accident | An incident at a construction site that happened unexpectedly and unintentionally. An accident may result in one or more injuries or fatalities. It might also result in zero injuries or fatalities. |
| Injury | One or more people were injured during a construction accident. This will indicate the total number of people injured at construction accidents within the Community District over the past 12 months. This number has no relation to the number of accidents. |
| Fatality | One or more people died as a result of a construction accident. This will indicate the total number of people that died due to construction accidents within the Community District over the past 12 months. This number has no relation to the number of accidents. |

### [Accidents: Type](https://www1.nyc.gov/site/buildings/about/construction-related-accident-reports.page)

| Accident Type | Definition |
|-------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Demolition | An accident that occurred during the demolition of a building. |
| Material Failure (Fell) | Drop, displacement or failure of material or building element from its intended position or location. Included in this category are imminent material displacements, fall or failure. |
| Mechanical Construction Equipment | Failure or misuse of machinery and equipment systems. This category includes all machinery or equipment driven by mechanical or electrical devices for earth work, cranes, hoists, and demolition equipment. |
| Scaffold/Shoring Installations | Failure of site protection, temporary support and access installations; this category also includes both supported and suspended scaffolds. |
| Worker Fell | Accidents where a worker's fall was not caused by material failure or construction equipment failure. Included in this category are accidents due to worker inattention, error, or where the worker's protection equipment failed (e.g. harnesses). |
| Other | Any construction accident that cannot be categorized in any of the previous categories. |




## Built With

* [NVD3](http://nvd3.org/)
* [D3](https://d3js.org/)
* [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com)
* [jQuery](https://jquery.com/)


## Built by

* [DOB Analytics and Data Science Team](https://www1.nyc.gov/site/buildings/about/metrics-reports.page) - If you have questions or feedback, comment here on github or email us at [Analytics@buildings.nyc.gov](mailto:analytics@buildings.nyc.gov).
